Update create-retention-policies.md (#5199)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/create-retention-policies.md

#### Configuration information for Exchange email and Exchange public folders

> The **Exchange email** location supports retention for users' email, calendar, and other mailbox items, by applying retention settings at the level of a mailbox. Retention Policy can only be applied to a Licensed Mailbox, distribution group or mail-enabled security group (all mailboxes that are currently members of the group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Exchange email** location supports retention for users' email, calendar, and other mailbox items, by applying retention settings at the level of a mailbox. Retention policies can only be applied to licensed mailboxes, distribution groups, or mail-enabled security groups (to all mailboxes that are currently members of the group).
```
